Hello world !

My name is Aashiesh live in Pune ,India. Working in the IT industry since 2001 and my curiosity and ambition lead me to my current job as lead software engineer.

Post Graduated as Master in Computer Management and Graduated as Bachelor in Commerce. Even if I did not attend a bachelor in Computer Science I closed the gap by completing Honors Diploma in Software Technology and Systems Management from NIIT. Completed 'A' and 'O' level certifcation from Department of Electronics and Accreditation of Computer Courses(DoEACC).

Expertise in strong combination of technical skill and honed business sense. Dedicated, organized, Self –starter, with the flexibility to adjust to multiple demands, shifting priorities, ambiguity and rapid change. A natural leader with high degree of flexibility and a proven ability in managing large team. Acquired good technical and functional skills, In-depth understanding of SDLC processes and Agile processes and methodologies Scrum & Kanban. Well conversant with development processes and techniques. involved in highly integrated, globally diverse cross team managing.

Build solution utility or tools for reducing DevOps effort to crerate Cloud (IaC) which was created manully and need to deploy to multiple environment and multiple Cloud region.

Engaged with multi-functional and multi-regional teams to create impactful products and services for delivery in-time. Good domain knowledge into BFSI, Retail and Manufacturing. Strong experience in leading large scale transformational, global change along with people management, delivery management in the domain of Cloud Web Application microservices development and Big data migration using AWS cloud services. End-to-end project experience including user needs analysis, gap analysis, design, implementation, framework selection, technology selection.

Feel free to reach me out on e-mail or LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashish-soni-bab08736/ or on e-mail id : ashishrrsoni@rediffmail.com
